[Jenny] Hey, everyone!
This Friday, women's wrestling!
-[horn honks]
-[Jenny screaming]
Free! Free!
Free sports!
-Guys, great news.
-What?
This is Rob, and he's coming.
And he's bringing his entire coven.
Butts in seats, right? Come on, Rob!
-Hey, Rob.
-[Sheila] Come on!
Hot damn, I made the list!
Everyone made the list, Tammé.
It's a lineup.
Our names are together,
fighting the Beatdown Biddies. [chuckles]
I guess that means we're a team now.
I wonder why.
Oh, mine has got a star next to it.
'Cause I'm bright, like a star.
[giggles]
That means you're supposed
to win the match.
Oh, so, I'm a star and a winner.
[chuckles]
Oh, yep.
[indistinct chatter]
Well, guess it's official.
Yeah.
They spelled your name wrong.
So, first live match coming up.
We got what's his name coming, right?
Glen Clitface?
It's Klitnick. It's Glen Klitnick.
Don't say it that way.
Then it gets in your head.
Yeah, he's confirmed.
Suit's in. So, I guess that makes this
our first official production meeting.
Yes! Sam?
Yeah.
-I'm here for you, okay?
-Okay.
-Let's do it.
-Okay?
-Fine. Personnel.
Yes.
We're gonna need-- You don't smoke.
-It's okay.
-All right.
We're gonna need a cameraman,
gonna need sound, lighting.
Need a ref, gonna need an announcer.
You're gonna need
all these things by Friday?
In a few weeks, we shoot the pilot.
Be nice to get them in early
while we have time to, you know,
work out the kinks.
Here. Here's a pen.
Oh, okay. All right.
So, the girls can do their own hair
and makeup for now.
Sure.
Probably gonna have to make
a budget for costumes.
I'm sure you got ideas about that.
-I do.
-Okay.
And also that video camera
you got me got stolen,
so I'm gonna need another one.
Wait, wait, wait.
What, you just lost it?
No, I didn't-- I didn't just lose it.
It was here, and then it was not here.
[scoffs] Did you try to look for it?
Are you my mother?
Yeah, I tried to look for it.
If we need a new camera,
it's coming out of your salary.
My salary?
You're supposed to be the rich guy.
It's not Monopoly money.
This is about accountability, Sam.
And trust and thrift.
Oh, my God. You sound like a Protestant.
Is that a bad thing?
-Hey! Hey!
-[women grunting]
If any of you have any information
about the whereabouts of my video camera,
or if any of you happened to steal it,
bring it the fuck back now.
Now!
No questions asked,
except you'll be immediately fired.
There's too fucking many of you anyways.
All right, so you start with the lockup.
-Then we go into the arm twist.
-Ah!
Then we go into the headlock.
And then... hammer lock.
-You guys think you can handle that?
-Sure, seems manageable. Right, Debbie?
Or maybe we could open
with a bit more panache.
I picked this sequence because
it's something you actually can do.
Yeah, it's all real simple.
And all really boring.
It's just essentially the same three moves
you taught to Melrose and Sheila,
only in a different order.
The audience won't know.
Well, let's just try it, right?
We can always add on.
Fine, let's try it.
[man on TV] "Tete de veau" is this part
of a calf. Fran.
-What is its head?
-[man] Yes.
[Fran] "French Cuisine" for 600.
[man] If your canard, or duck,
is sauvage, it's this.
It's missing something.
Maybe I could find an ushanka?
You know, one of those big fur hats?
[Sheila] If you need fur, I know a guy.
We could also hunt it.
There's a feral cat colony
in that empty lot down the street.
Who is Jules Feiffer?
-[man] Elizabeth.
-Who is Jules Feiffer?
-[man] That is the Jules.
-Yes.
-You pick now.
-[Elizabeth] Let's go "Broadway" for 400.
-Answer there is: in the '84-'85 season,
-Hey.
only three new shows...
Hey.
I was gonna wear red.
I can wear something else.
What is The King and I?
Could you, um, give us one minute?
No.
[man] ...a musical with songs
by Roger Miller...
[softly] Okay.
...is based on
this classic American novel.
So, I don't wanna look like
an asshole on Friday.
Oh, don't be so hard on yourself.
Your wrestling has really improved.
Oh, no, we're both gonna look
like assholes.
I mean, Cherry's moves are amateur hour.
There's no impact, and it's not exciting.
At the men's match,
Steel Horse rode in on a motorcycle
and did, like, I don't--
backflips and shit.
You went to a wrestling match?
Yeah, you're not the only one
who does research.
[beeping on TV]
[man] Who are Hume Cronyn
and Jessica Tandy?
Well...
I'll put in extra time, happily.
Whatever you want.
We can work around your schedule.
Randy, whatever else
you have going on with... life.
I'm not interested
in getting coffee with you,
or talking to you
about my life, but, uh...
we need to step it up,
and Shaft's mom isn't gonna get us there.
[both] What is a brioche?
[man] Correct response is,
"What is a brioche?"
Man, that Debbie.
You can't tell that girl anything.
[clears throat]
You going to a costume party?
Oh, that producer guy stopped by
this afternoon.
He said he heard I was available.
Meet your new ref.
-What?! [laughing]
-Yeah.
-Yes!
[both laugh]
I'mma call every match for you.
I only have one,
and it's a tag-team match.
I don't get my own fight.
So, so, so? You will shine, no matter
how many people are in that ring, okay?
Just, you know,
add a little extra something-something.
-A little something?
-Yeah, like a little... [exhales]
-Like a little-- Like this?
-Yeah. A little...
A sprinkle like this?
-[Keith yelling]
-[Cherry laughing]
Slam 'em down!
I'mma come in, like,
"One, two, three! Out!"
-We do not say "out."
-You sure?
So, this is it, huh?
House at the top of the beanstalk.
It's gonna be great.
[chuckles]
Look who came crawling back.
-Hey, Tommy.
-[Tommy] You're lucky Dad's on the road.
I'm not here to apologize to him.
-What's going on?
-[Ruth] We need your help.
We came to train with you,
the Lumberjacksons. [chuckles]
[sighs] We're busy.
You're sitting on the porch
eating Pringles.
They'll do it.
Well, we're playing the US versus Russia
as a sort of Cold War ballet.
You guys, I wanna fly.
I wanna literally leave the ground
and do some badass aerial shit.
The audience is like, "Aah!" Slack-jawed.
Maybe they shit their pants.
[Ruth] I want the whole room to boo me.
Like, that's how much they hate me.
But still make it about her.
But she's gotta win the match.
[both grunting]
How about a shoulder tackle?
That's strong.
-Yeah.
-Yeah, well--
How about a drop kick, huh?
Like this. [grunts]
-Ha! How about a headbutt?
-Oh!
No? Need more? Okay. Turnbuckle.
-That's kind of exciting.
-It's kind of cool. Maybe, but--
[Kurt] How about something
with a jump, like this?
Something like that, maybe?
Yes. That. I wanna-- I wanna do that.
Seriously?
In the six weeks you've known me,
you ever hear me tell a joke?
Not on purpose.
What did Sam say?
Sam wants us
to fight two old white ladies.
Think how that's gonna look.
A rapper and a welfare queen
abusing the elderly?
-When you put it that way...
-We do my version, we're empowered.
We're the heroes.
We're like Pam Grier times two.
And I used to double her,
so I'd know, okay?
Unless you wanna spend
the next three weeks in a La-Z-Boy
hollering about some food stamps.
Do you think they'll do it?
Do you not see what I see?
-[grunting]
-[laughing]
-[Stacey] Oh, no.
-[Dawn] Hey.
You doing great, girls.
[screams]
So, do I grab onto a specific body part?
You sort of grab everything
and fall backwards.
Okay. You're not gonna drop me, right?
No, I swear. I got you.
It's like a fucking trust fall,
only I stare at your face
and remember all the reasons
I don't trust you.
Look, if you miss, my body will break
the fall. I'll take the hit.
Okay.
[grunting]
How'd that look?
So great.
Let's do it again.
[Stan Bush's "Dare" playing]
[grunting]
[Tommy] No, no.
I was early.
Let her jump on you.
Okay.
♪ Sometimes when your hopes
Have all been shattered ♪
♪ And there's nowhere to turn ♪
Ow.
-♪ You wonder how you keep going ♪
-And...
-[grunts] Watch it, handsy.
-[Tommy] That was good.
[Debbie grunts]
...two, one.
♪ And the chances you've earned ♪
♪ The fire in your heart is growing ♪
♪ You can fly, if you try ♪
-That was better.
-Yeah, better.
♪ Heaven only knows what you might find ♪
♪ Dare!
Dare to believe you can survive ♪
Yeah, it's fine. It's fine. It's fine.
-♪ You hold the future in your hands ♪
-No, no, no.
Maybe we do it from the second rope.
It's still cool.
♪ Dare!
Dare to keep all your dreams alive ♪
Okay. Oh, yeah.
Now I'll move over and pull.
Yeah.
-Oh, yeah. And there, there.
-Gah!
Like... [grunts]
♪ Everybody's trying to break
Your spirit ♪
-[grunts] Okay.
-Okay, I don't like that.
[both grunting]
-That's how you sell it.
-Yeah.
♪ Seems like it's been forever ♪
[grunting]
-Are you okay?
-When you hit her,
you stick your arm into her.
You know? Hit her. Don't be afraid.
♪ Looks like it's now or never ♪
-[Kurt] Like that. See it?
-[laughs]
-[Tommy] Run it in there.
-[grunts]
There you go.
Drive it through. Feel it.
Drive it through. All the way there.
[grunts]
There. [yells]
Let everybody see it.
[yells]
Yeah. You scared me a little bit.
-That was good. Okay.
-[yells]
♪ Dare!
Dare to believe you can survive ♪
♪ The power is there at your command ♪
-[Tommy] Oh, don't fall for that.
-[Ruth grunts]
♪ Dare!
Dare to keep all your dreams alive ♪
♪ It's time to take a stand ♪
-[Ruth] Yeah.
-[Tommy] Here we go.
[grunting]
♪ Dare!
There is a place where dreams survive ♪
[groans]
♪ It's calling you on to victory ♪
♪ Dare! ♪
Do you have any suspenders
or, like, a bow tie or something?
Could you stop ransacking
my drawers, please?
[sighs]
I'm working on my costume, okay?
Plaits, glasses, braces, and a bow tie?
You're gonna look like
that asshole in AC/DC.
You're nervous about the match tomorrow.
Yeah, I'm nervous.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Okay.
Wait. Where are you going?
[sighs] The good-luck present
I made you.
What is that?
It's a video.
Of me.
Oh, yeah?
-Shall I put it on?
-Yeah, absolutely.
Okay.
[rap music playing over TV]
♪ GLOW, GLOW, that's the name
Women's wrestling is our game ♪
♪ If we play rough
Please don't blame us ♪
♪ Our style is wild
And you know you can't tame us ♪
Are you rapping?
Um... I'm speak-singing.
Like Rex Harrison in My Fair Lady.
♪ I'm Britannica from the UK
That's probably why I talk this way ♪
♪ I wear these glasses on my eyes
One day I'll win the Nobel Prize ♪
-♪ GLOW, GLOW, that's the name ♪
-How did you shoot this?
Oh, on the video camera I found
in my locker.
My video camera was in your locker?
Oh, yeah,
well, someone put it there, yeah.
Why didn't you tell me about this?
Because I wanted to surprise you.
♪ GLOW ♪
♪ GLOW, GLOW, GLOW ♪
♪ GLOW, GLOW ♪
♪ GLOW! ♪
[panting on TV]
It's pretty catchy.
Yeah.
Cool.
[indistinct chatter]
[plays keys]
You having a yard sale?
Yeah, you asked for lights.
We've got lights, in the ceiling, right?
Sound, I got my sister's karaoke machine.
-Music, boom. Casio City.
-[plays key]
Now, I didn't get you a camera operator
'cause you lost my camera,
but I did get you a ref.
Keith?
Yo.
What the hell, man?
Are we doing community theater?
Why can't you embrace
the, like, do-it-yourself charm, huh?
The Mickey and Judy putting on a show
in the barn kind of feeling?
Yeah, if only I were on that much speed.
I mean, like, who's gonna announce, you?
I wish.
No, I've gotta chaperone Glen Klitnick.
But, Sam, you're gonna do it.
Look at me. You're gonna kill it.
-[Glen] Hello, hello.
-Oh, hey, Glen. What you got here?
Little decoration for the ring
from our sponsor.
-[whistles]
-Sam.
-Let's check it out, huh?
-Right.
[Bash] Cool.
Oh, it folds.
-Yeah, this barely fit in the car.
-I bet.
[sighs]
We'll find a great place to put this.
Let's get you a good seat.
All right.
[feedback rings]
Check, check.
[plays keys]
[feedback rings]
[Melrose] Ah, I just come alive
in front of an audience.
All the attention.
What a surprise.
I've never done anything
in front of an audience before.
Ooh, child. You are in for a treat.
Maybe we should have a safe word.
Something we say
if it's, like, mission abort?
Well, who is that real-estate guy
whose name was on a bench
outside your old apartment?
Human Mabubifarti?
[chuckles] Yeah. God, I love that name.
Um, does anybody know
how to play piano or keyboards?
[Sheila] I do.
[toilet flushes]
Good. I have a job for you.
Uh, also, I guess I should try
to bolster you all.
Wish I could tell you there's
a full house out there, but there is not.
It's respectable.
About 20 to 30 people, freaks,
some children, a homeless guy.
Um... Anyway...
Break a leg.
Yeah.
-Thank you
-[Sam] Mm-hmm.
That's it?
Is that "places"?
Sure, Ruth. Places.
[both] Thank you, places.
[sniffs, sighs]
[knocks]
-[clears throat] Hey.
-Hey.
Can I get a little kiss for luck?
You're not gonna need luck.
I scripted the match so you'll win.
Did you ask her about your camera?
-What?
-Your camera.
It's in her locker. We all saw it.
Just go get ready.
Now.
What'd you do to her?
Why is she framing you?
She's jealous, all right?
She's just got a crush on you.
Oh, my God. Think about it, okay?
Brilliant director.
She's seen every one of your films.
She swoons every time you walk in a room.
All right. So, what am I supposed
to do about that?
Be kind and generous to her,
like you are with everyone.
All right, let's do this.
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen,
to the first ever match
of the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling.
Brought to you by Patio Town!
All right. Pace yourselves.
All right, first match.
Battle of the Beasts.
From the icy wastelands
of the frozen north
where she rapes, pillages,
but mostly rapes,
please boo for Vicky the Viking.
[whooping]
Yeah!
-Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
-["Exodus" playing on keyboard]
[shouts]
Oh, okay.
And now...
from the cloud-crowned heights
of the Andes
known by the ancient Incas
to be the palace of the gods,
put your hands together
for Machu Picchu!
[one person clapping]
-Is that the only song you know?
-It is.
[panting]
I like her. She's very winning.
Great choice of words.
Here she is...
Machu Picchu.
Carmen, get in the ring.
[panting] I can't. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Is she all right? Is this part of the gag?
I'm not sure. I'm gonna go check it out.
-The Viking wins. Yeah, all right.
-[bell dings]
Hey! Machu Picchu!
What the fuck is going on?
We've got Glen Klitnick
from the network inside.
There's a whole audience here--
Oh, my God. Are you okay?
[panting] I think
I'm having a heart attack.
Oh, shit.
[women grunting]
You okay?
I'm trying to remember where I was
when Martin Luther King got murdered.
Oh, God, Dawn.
I'm uncomfortable.
What if people freak out?
What if they put us on a watch list?
What if Bill Cosby gets mad at us?
Will you relax?
They're not gonna know it's us.
That's why they wore these things.
What if they recognize our shoes?
They won't.
Look, it's not racist if the black girls
came up with the idea, right?
Right. Yes. It was their idea.
So, it's not us, it's them.
[sighs]
Ready?
Ready.
[Dawn] Oh, goddamnit.
[yells]
-One, two, three! Fortune Cookie, down!
-[bell dings]
-Beirut, y'all. Beirut.
-[keyboard playing]
As my Aunt Jeanette used to say:
"This nursing home is
a waiting room of hell."
And these two old bats
are straight out of it.
Clack your dentures together
for Ethel and Edna,
the Beatdown Biddies.
[Dawn] White power! White power!
White power!
Segregation forever!
-What the fuck?
-[Keith] Unh-unh.
No. That's not appropriate.
That's not right.
You can't come in here with that on.
-[Dawn] White power!
-Come in here wearing sheets?
-[Dawn] Segregation forever!
-[all jeering]
[Sam] Ladies and gentlemen,
this is some inappropriate social satire.
I don't know what to say.
[woman] Oh, my God!
Someone needs to teach these
Casper-looking racist idiots a lesson.
[crowd cheers]
Yeah, I might be a Welfare Queen,
but I don't tolerate no bigots!
Save it for the match. Come on. Save it.
[Sam] All right, well, this is
definitely not a match for children.
Or may-- Or maybe it is.
Maybe you're--
You're really never too young
to know about
this country's racial history.
-You guys got somebody over here for me?
-[Dawn] Come at me. Come at me.
Over here, who we got? All right.
Let's go.
[Dawn] Yeah, get her! [laughs]
[Dawn] You stink!
Can they see?
[grunting]
[audience booing and yelling]
-Ho! Ref, that's not legal. Get in there.
-Come on, now.
[Dawn] Ref! What is it, ref?
Let's do it!
I get in your face?
-I got this.
-I know you do.
Let's go, cracker.
[Sam] This isn't as awful as I thought.
Looks like the blacks have the upper hand.
Helter-skelter, here we come.
Tag, corner.
Not looking good
for the white supremacists.
[yells]
-[shouts]
-Hey, hey, hey.
[audience cheering]
[Stacey] Grab! Grab and let go!
Yeah!
[all laughing]
[Stacey] We weren't supposed
to show our faces!
[Keith] Oh, we got some winners.
Let's go, ladies.
Welfare Queen and Junk Chain!
[all cheering]
[woman 1] Shake that booty, Welfare Queen!
[woman 2] Welfare Queen!
[Sam] All right,
it looks like the Black Panthers,
or whatever they're supposed to be,
have won.
Justice has been served.
Jesse Jackson will be our next president.
Blood pressure's normal, ECG is fine.
The fainting was an extreme response
to emotional distress.
But my heart?
If you're worried about your heart,
give Weight Watchers a try.
[Bash] Whoa.
That guy's a jerk.
Please don't tell anyone.
Tell them what, that you're
emotionally distressed? Who isn't?
I've been waiting my whole life
to do this.
It should be in my DNA,
but I didn't even make it into the ring.
You don't wanna let people down. I get it.
[sighs]
I feel like I'm disappointing a lot
of people right now.
What?
Everyone loves you.
You're like Santa Claus.
My mom cut me off.
What are you talking about?
I guess she figured out how much money
I was spending on all this.
-How much money were you spending?
-[sighs]
Six hundred thousand-ish.
How did you spend that much money?
I don't know, between renting the motel
and all your salaries. Buying the gym.
You bought that place?
It's easier than trying to figure out
all the fucking paperwork.
[sighs]
Is the show off?
No. No, no, no. The show is on.
No, I just-- I just--
I gotta figure out a couple of things.
[exhales]
[Sam] And now the moment
you've been waiting for.
The final match of the night.
You're gonna be great.
[Sam] Introducing...
Liberty Belle.
[playing "Exodus"]
Stop it.
[audience cheering]
[all chanting] USA! USA! USA!
USA! USA!
I'd like to call on the power
of my three favorite Americans:
Ronald Reagan, Larry Bird
and Jesus Christ himself.
[audience cheering]
[Sam] And straight from Moscow.
The commissariat for the proletariat.
Here to destroy our American way of life.
The Cold War never looked hotter...
-Zoya the Destroyer.
-[Russian music playing on boom box]
[audience jeering]
[in Russian accent] Fuck you!
Commie!
-Very nice.
-[music stops]
You've lost, Zoya.
Americans will never give up
their freedom!
[all cheering]
[Ruth] Capitalist pig!
I will neuter all your pet dogs
and fill your swimming pools with borscht!
[audience booing]
One last time. Defect or die.
Nyet!
Prepare yourself
for mutually-assured destruction!
All right, ladies...
I want a good clean fight, all right?
No dirty business, no funny business.
Let's keep it--
[all jeering]
[grunting]
Zoya!
Oh, a dirty move by a dirty Russian.
Zoya is a dirty, dirty girl.
[Keith] Count one!
Come on.
[gasping] Ref... My voice...
Stalin!
You boo?
[yelling]
[shrieks]
Keep your hands up.
So sad. So sad, Miss America!
-Get up!
-[whimpers]
Come with me.
Is it over for the American dream?
Is this bye-bye Miss American Pie?
No one can defeat Soviet Union!
Hey.
You guys are doing great.
Do you know what happens next?
'Cause I don't!
-[speaking Russian]
-Okay, go ahead. All right.
Please. Don't-- I surrender.
Let's talk this out like adults.
-What's that, princess?
-Come here.
[yelling]
[all cheering]
Yes!
[Keith] Hey, hey, hey, what's this?
[screams]
[chanting] USA! USA!
One quick question.
How do you spell "freedom"?
U... S... A!
USA! USA!
[Ruth groans]
USA dies! Whoo!
[crowd chanting] USA! USA! USA!
[yelling]
[chanting] Jump! Jump! Jump!
Stupid American Barbie!
You think elbow to face will stop me?
Let's go! Yeah! Come on!
[audience yelling]
[woman] Come on! Get back in there!
Classic American! You run away. Bye-bye.
This is insane. It's fucking insane.
It's not insane. It's a job.
I mean, you won't even talk to me.
But Ruth?
We're working together.
Is this some sort of elaborate ploy?
You sound crazy.
I sound crazy?
You joined a wrestling television show.
Yeah, I guess you can take the girl out
of the trailer park, but you can't...
Put-- Fuck.
It wasn't a fucking trailer park.
I was watching you and I was like,
"I don't even know who this woman is.
Truly, she's a stranger."
How did you even find me?
I followed your parents
when they dropped off Randy last week.
Like a stalker.
No, like a man who's sick of wondering
where the fuck his wife and child are.
And then the Russian guy at the desk
was kind enough
to invite me
to the live girl-on-girl wrestling match
starring daytime television's
former Laura Morgan.
Which is also mind-blowing.
You put your name on this trash?
Fuck you, Mark!
You always fucking do this.
Whatever success I have,
whatever good thing that I have built,
you wanna piss all over it.
Fine, here.
What, are these fucking divorce papers?
Guess you better get yourself a lawyer.
-[all jeering]
-In-- In-- In Soviet Union,
we don't celebrate
your all nice American Thanksgiving.
We celebrate the feast of Lenin,
where we just be... thanking the rats
for not eating us.
♪ GLOW, GLOW, that's the name ♪
♪ Women's wrestling is our game ♪
♪ If we play rough
Please don't blame us ♪
♪ Our style is wild
And you know you can't tame us ♪
♪ GLOW, GLOW, that's the name ♪
♪ Women's wrestling is our game ♪
♪ If we play rough
Please don't blame us ♪
♪ Our style is wild
And you know you can't tame us ♪
[all] ♪ GLOW, GLOW, that's the name ♪
♪ Women's wrestling is our game ♪
♪ If we play rough
Please don't blame us ♪
♪ Our style is wild
And you know you can't tame us ♪
-♪ GLOW, GLOW, that's the name ♪
-["Exodus" playing]
♪ Women's wrestling is our game ♪
♪ If we play rough
Please don't blame us ♪
♪ Our style is wild
And you know you can't tame us ♪
♪ GLOW, GLOW, that's the name ♪
♪ Women's wrestling is our game ♪
♪ If we play rough
Please don't blame us ♪
♪ Our style is wild
And you know you can't tame us ♪
♪ GLOW ♪
♪ GLOW, GLOW, GLOW, GLOW ♪
♪ GLOW, GLOW, GLOW, GLOW! ♪
[all cheering]
["Exodus" continues playing]